what's up um mrs. paul here i'm bringing
you another commentary today um its
second of july i think i think its
second july today um i just ordered the
full of three game of the year edition
of the internet for like twenty five
dollars which is a pretty good deal
molla dlc this games really old i'm
gonna be using my didn't say that i
think it was like the shoebox x class
and that class was made up by gangster
Hebrew a friend of mine if he don't know
him but Baltimore 42 is getting kind of
born from me now and I'm looking any
other games i have followed through a
while back but i lost my copy i think i
give a dear friend but I didn't get it
back so um I'm glad any other games bar
more and more for two I tried to play
dance page yesterday which dead space is
a real good game adjust that I can't get
used to it you know I completely before
just I know it seems really weird try to
gonna play bioshock game but just gonna
get in about mass effect on getting a
latte there um you know I've completed
all those games it's just it's hard to
go through a second playthrough so
foully was one of those games were you
know I really did keep playing uh but do
anything I didn't like about it was the
fact that it seemed very secluded in the
fact that you were like alone in this
big whistle on so I hope in the next
fella Kim I know new vegas is coming up
but i don't think that's gonna have like
all my multiplayer like borderlands some
problems for that okay what i want you
guys to do is I want you to leave me a
class set up in the description okay I
getting bored modern warfare 2 you know
I can go in and 15 games AG we get a
boost worthy game on TDM or free throw
us on my cup so I want a bit of a
challenge but I don't let to GIMP like
till we send akimbo d goes with danger
close light upon and come on though
because I movie nine
let me think of something you can you
get the mid around okay this week leave
me a lmg class okay any lmg and try make
a reasonable light don't we sound like
our pd with thermal throw make it
reasonable give me a killstreak loader
as well I can try make it reasonable
don't be making it like EMP nuke and I
know so I'm like Carter UAV make it make
a decent do be making it like extremely
hard to get a game because if you do
that I will probably break my controller
house which isn't too great cuz you
leave me a comment there because I want
to get a lot of comments in my videos I
want to get my subscribers involved i
don't know why i like what i have about
sixty five thousand subscribers now my
videos only get a 30 about most of the
time which is 9 so i'm assuming majority
of my subscribers or porn BOTS but you
know if you are leave me a compliment
class anything let me know you're there
also a railing Butler I know I ask rains
a lot and I apologize without them it
probably doesn't know where the hell out
of you but you know I better get a
reading a comment there is a chance this
video could you know pop open someone
else's you know Franz recently watched
or the top rated and let me bring a lot
more people in my channel which I'd
appreciate that what else do you want to
talk about here see a world cup a lot of
people wanted me to talk about that will
Brazil the pillow it last night by
Netherlands or Colin Colin avenues I
don't know
you really know too much about that and
uruguay beat ghana and penalties which
this is ok you know i want the gamma to
go through but unfortunately they kept
eating penalties which isn'ta great for
the final i think it's gonna be like
Germany or someone else I think Jeremy
are gonna win I know a lot of people hit
me that and I said a while back with
england won get this island there you go
they go today by Germany but if you're
English please don't hate me that was
just a prediction you know I would have
liked to see him go through but
unfortunately it wasn't and you have to
have to admit our English ocker team is
Phil good players but they don't know
how to play in england soccer team what
did I said angled football team how's a
lot of good players that it's just that
it does know how to cooperate properly
um let's see what else i have a few
videos coming up machine missing there's
like a 16-1 net domination are a 40 and
40 40 40 41 team deathmatch the podcast
if you listen to our podcast gentleman's
choice we're hoping they get that back
on track i was away for exams and we all
got way as a witch that's probably why I
was you know gone internet indefinite
hiatus for a while which I suppose is ok
you know I need a break sometimes mother
it's kind of hard getting you know blimp
tracks call and people in rickshaw
together seeing as we all live in
different time zones look me being like
eight hours ahead everyone else which I
suppose is okay um I just want time to
go faster I'm 17 I come like guillotine
Nix Nix may sometime then you know I
think it's 17 in the UK is like a
pointless year even though we learned
drive then seems to me pointless
although I I won't tend to hurry up
because for one I want I want black ops
as soon as possible this scheme is
getting equestre straight in boring and
there is much life left in it in my
opinion I mean you saw and call of duty
for a lot of people still play I don't
think this game will block but once my
crops can play I think that skin will be
amped a completely like I don't think
anybody will be honest I want to follow
at New Vegas which looks awesome it was
me it's not me about the same guys
before three with its made by the same
guys but it's like a different division
i think something like up so i didn't
talk about the gameplay much this guy
tries to go a little spin it's just
because you know this game so give me a
few topics you want to see me discuss as
well if you've any like can we make it a
two controversial but you everyone i
want me to talk about something or give
my thoughts on up william a comment
leave me a class setup as well while
you're out that rating would be nice
thumbs up thumbs down and yep let me
think anything else i need to cover here
because they're like a minute of game
play left nothing else but it I didn't
really have like a schedule but you know
that's pretty much it I wasn't gonna get
non new xbox 360 slim but I have my
regular xbox co-star room you see the
point yeah is pretty much it I say about
so much but yeah I've nothing to talk
about i need some topics guys give me
some of those and i'll be halfway so
final score is 33 190 another basket I
worry about something to post up
nonetheless yeah thanks for watching
this I you know limit topic class
anything like that I will see you later
hopefully have a nice day and I'm just
trying to make up stuff to the video
well you're proving a bit there we go
then do the video family I will see you
guys later so yeah bye